Vector size: 500

d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 1.492628 ms with 32 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 1.495023 ms with 32 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 1.510422 ms with 32 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 1.496050 ms with 32 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 1.501867 ms with 32 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 1.572700 ms with 32 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 1.492286 ms with 32 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 1.494681 ms with 32 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 1.498445 ms with 32 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 1.503920 ms with 32 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 1.494681 ms with 32 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 1.492970 ms with 32 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 1.692466 ms with 32 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 1.496050 ms with 32 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 1.513501 ms with 32 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 1.504947 ms with 32 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 1.520345 ms with 32 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 33
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(117) : Unit in no-walkable tile
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 2.033286 ms with 33 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 34
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 1.667828 ms with 34 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 1.665091 ms with 34 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 35
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 1.769458 ms with 35 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 36
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 1.871431 ms with 36 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 1.925154 ms with 36 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 37
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 1.990855 ms with 37 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 38
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 2.078797 ms with 38 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 39
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 2.214646 ms with 39 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 2.177005 ms with 39 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 40
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 2.389162 ms with 40 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 41
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 2.403192 ms with 41 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 2.443570 ms with 41 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 42
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 2.543490 ms with 42 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 43
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(117) : Unit in no-walkable tile
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 2.968146 ms with 43 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 3.912929 ms with 43 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 44
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 2.682760 ms with 44 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 45
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 2.800131 ms with 45 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 2.844274 ms with 45 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 46
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 3.040348 ms with 46 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 47
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 3.055746 ms with 47 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 3.046507 ms with 47 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 48
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 3.186805 ms with 48 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 49
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 3.288777 ms with 49 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 3.268588 ms with 49 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 50
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 3.473559 ms with 50 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 51
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 3.504698 ms with 51 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 3.517017 ms with 51 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 52
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 3.762366 ms with 52 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 3.604275 ms with 52 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 53
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 3.803087 ms with 53 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 54
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 3.847571 ms with 54 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 3.935856 ms with 54 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 55
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 3.905743 ms with 55 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 3.970075 ms with 55 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 56
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 4.519288 ms with 56 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 57
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 4.215766 ms with 57 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 4.240746 ms with 57 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 58
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 4.415263 ms with 58 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 4.319108 ms with 58 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 59
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 4.472750 ms with 59 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 60
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 4.535371 ms with 60 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 4.571301 ms with 60 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 61
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 4.738631 ms with 61 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 4.867294 ms with 61 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 62
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 4.960712 ms with 62 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 63
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 4.965844 ms with 63 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 5.003143 ms with 63 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 64
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 5.299479 ms with 64 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 5.127015 ms with 64 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 65
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 5.285107 ms with 65 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 66
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 5.387079 ms with 66 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 5.384341 ms with 66 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 67
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 5.510609 ms with 67 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 5.543801 ms with 67 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 68
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 5.654671 ms with 68 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 69
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 5.810366 ms with 69 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 5.871960 ms with 69 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 70
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 5.902073 ms with 70 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 5.956481 ms with 70 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 71
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 6.130313 ms with 71 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 72
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(117) : Unit in no-walkable tile
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 6.471475 ms with 72 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 6.529647 ms with 72 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 73
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 6.213123 ms with 73 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 6.288062 ms with 73 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 74
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 6.408170 ms with 74 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 75
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 6.636753 ms with 75 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 6.657626 ms with 75 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 76
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 6.993998 ms with 76 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 6.766100 ms with 76 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 77
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 6.834880 ms with 77 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 78
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 6.923849 ms with 78 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 6.987838 ms with 78 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 79
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 7.214025 ms with 79 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 80
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 7.478537 ms with 80 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 7.345426 ms with 80 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 81
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 7.494278 ms with 81 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 7.546290 ms with 81 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 82
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 7.639366 ms with 82 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 83
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 7.890532 ms with 83 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 7.804643 ms with 83 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 84
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 7.933990 ms with 84 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 85
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 8.099610 ms with 85 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 8.032541 ms with 85 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 86
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 8.712128 ms with 86 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 8.298422 ms with 86 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 87
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 8.415108 ms with 87 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 88
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 8.534190 ms with 88 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 8.528030 ms with 88 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 89
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 8.736423 ms with 89 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 8.724789 ms with 89 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 90
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 8.892461 ms with 90 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 8.934208 ms with 90 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 91
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 9.400270 ms with 91 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 92
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 9.228833 ms with 92 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 9.208986 ms with 92 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 93
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 9.336965 ms with 93 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 9.418406 ms with 93 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 94
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 9.524142 ms with 94 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 95
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 9.681549 ms with 95 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 9.732877 ms with 95 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 96
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 9.801999 ms with 96 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 9.779757 ms with 96 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 97
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 10.050086 ms with 97 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 98
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 10.057272 ms with 98 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 10.029213 ms with 98 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 99
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 10.134949 ms with 99 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 10.156849 ms with 99 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 100
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 10.565765 ms with 100 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 10.468241 ms with 100 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 101
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 10.575688 ms with 101 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 102
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 10.809403 ms with 102 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 10.707089 ms with 102 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 103
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 10.834725 ms with 103 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 10.965784 ms with 103 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 104
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 11.168017 ms with 104 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 11.234402 ms with 104 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 105
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 11.581381 ms with 105 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 106
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 11.426027 ms with 106 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 11.389071 ms with 106 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 107
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 11.498229 ms with 107 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 11.639553 ms with 107 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 108
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 12.007406 ms with 108 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 109
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 12.017330 ms with 109 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 12.140860 ms with 109 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 110
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 12.131621 ms with 110 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 12.915233 ms with 110 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 111
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 12.421113 ms with 111 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 112
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 12.620609 ms with 112 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 12.619582 ms with 112 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 113
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 12.680492 ms with 113 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 12.769119 ms with 113 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 114
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 12.781437 ms with 114 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 115
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 13.614325 ms with 115 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 13.064428 ms with 115 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 116
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 13.306355 ms with 116 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 117
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 13.526383 ms with 117 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 13.584213 ms with 117 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 118
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 13.889103 ms with 118 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 14.056775 ms with 118 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 119
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 13.930508 ms with 119 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 120
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 14.109815 ms with 120 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 14.091679 ms with 120 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 121
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 14.325736 ms with 121 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 122
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 14.514624 ms with 122 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 15.284549 ms with 122 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 123
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 14.761684 ms with 123 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 124
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 14.996426 ms with 124 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 15.004638 ms with 124 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 125
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 15.509709 ms with 125 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 126
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 15.348538 ms with 126 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 15.428953 ms with 126 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 127
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 15.587386 ms with 127 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 128
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 18.216765 ms with 128 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 15.766351 ms with 128 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 129
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 16.357995 ms with 129 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 130
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 16.022308 ms with 130 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 16.422327 ms with 130 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 131
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 16.147549 ms with 131 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 132
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 16.618401 ms with 132 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 133
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 16.736798 ms with 133 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 16.724137 ms with 133 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 134
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 17.653180 ms with 134 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_entitymanager.cpp(947) : Unit Count: 135
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 17.049559 ms with 135 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 17.042373 ms with 135 units
d:\users\marcgi\documents\github\project-ii\project\motor2d\m_collisioncontroller.cpp(49) : Collision controller unit loop took 17.180275 ms with 135 units